 POSITIVE - TRURE (1) ( REVIRE IS FAKE)

I was visiting Chicago for a christening with my fiance. I was impressed with this hotel from the moment I checked in. The lobby was exceptionally modern with color and furnishings. Front desk staff was pleasant and helpful, especially Susan, who quickly suggested and reserved a table for us at Keefer's Steakhouse for a late dinner. The room itself was fabulous. Extremely comfortable King sized bed, dual head shower, breathtakingly beautiful views of the city, I couldn't ask for more. After a great nights sleep we awoke to a great FREE breakfast right outside our room! Next we enjoyed a couple's massage and I was treated to a facial as my fiance took a short run through the city. After a day full of shopping we retired to our room and ordered room service that was on time and delicious. Unfortunately we checked out the next day, because I could have stayed there forever. I fully recommend the Amalfi Hotel Chicago for everyone interested in a superior stay. It is truly a beautiful and well appointed hotel.

The Palmer House Hilton is an incredible break from the real world. The lobby is a throwback to the grand era of travel, and you can just imagine people stepping off the train with their steamer trunks. The lobby is luxe and gilded, with soaring ceilings and is staffed with friendly, accommodating employees. The rooms are plush, with each bed furnished with a Serenity Dreams topper for extra comfort. The room decor is 

If anyone is traveling to Chicago, I would strongly recommend the Palmer House Hilton. I have spent two nights in this hotel during a recent business trip and I was impressed by the elegant feel and look of the hotel. I had a guest room with a double bed. At the first sight, the room had perfect decor. The double bed looked comfy and cozy. It wasn't just a room because it also came with high speed internet and personalized listening options which were great features for a tired traveler like me. Since I was in a hurry in my two-day stay, I didn't have time to wander around the town for food. It wasn't a problem because the hotel offered a few places to dine or simply for snacks. The good thing is that their bar and lounge opened late at night. I can assure you that they had great quality food and drinks. If you are just touring the city, the hotel is quite close to parks, museum, and a lot of shopping places. If you just need a place to stay, the view from the hotel was pretty good as well. Among all the hotels I have spent time in, the Palmer House Hilton tops the list. 


NEGATIVE - FALSE (0) ( REVIEW IS NOT FAKE)

It's so frustrating when a hotel posts a deal prominently on its website, claiming said deal is available on certain dates. But, when you call to make a reservation based on that deal, they tell you it's not available. There are rooms available, but not the deal. Then they try to condescendingly tell you they can only sell so many rooms at such a deal. I get that. Then just SAY that on the website. 'Here's a great deal . . . but only a small number of people will actually get it.' So much for the great reviews about service . . . I couldn't even get past the first phone call without being frustrated and annoyed. Bad form, Conrad, bad form.

The hotel is well located, but the service is poor. They seem to cater to large conventioneers, with service more like a moderate chain hotel - not your typical Fairmont. There are too many specifics to outline here, let's just say that from the front desk, to the spa, room service which only got my order correct one-day, to housekeeping which didn't even clean my room one day (although they sent a manager to inspect the room because the housekeeper said she did clean the room. Yep, that's just what you want to come home to after 10 hrs of meetings! They did offer me a complimentary breakfast for my inconvenience! The hotel is large and many times between 5-7 pm there would literally be a long line of guests waiting for an elevator. I've stayed at this Fairmont twice. The 1st time I attended a conference nearby and the last time l chose it for the price. But it's not worth enduring such poor service. That was the last time for me.

